# Decentral_Education
Documentation for beginner and advanced beginner level users in Decentraland

Talented, competent creators who don’t know the specific people with the accurate, cryptic answers they need become frustrated and leave Decentraland. Dedicated, long-time Decentralites who have waited in vain for essential documentation have already begun to leave. Current documentation is inconsistent and incomplete. It takes a long time to track down relevant, current and functional information. Decentral Ed, Canessa and AwedJob, with 18 years of teaching experience combined, will help more people faster, and more effectively with up-to-date information located in one place, and updated frequently.

Decentral Ed will look at existing public questions, and we will ask people about their gaps in understanding during twice monthly “DEd Reckoning” sessions (“open knowledge” discussions held in the DEd.dcl.eth world using DCL Cast) to find out what people need to know. We will then create documentation addressing these topics.

We will deliver subject specific, cross-standard, information in text form located in one authoritative place. An online document can be more easily updated and maintained than a soon to be outdated “how to video”. Our documents may also be printed, making them readily available when you are away from your computer as well. Text is easily queried, referenced, and digested by search engines and large language model A.I.

Decentral Ed will separate documents into three standards, update them regularly, and ensure their accuracy. These standards are: Governance, Social and Development. We will write documentation for people at the novice and advanced beginner levels. These are the first two of five different skill levels: novice, advanced beginner, competent, proficient, and expert. We feel that there is an existing body of proficient and expert level documentation. We will not be creating documentation for those top two skill levels.

Decentral Ed will produce a minimum of 200 documents over the course of 2,000 work hours during a period of ten months. The subject matter for these documents will come from DEd Reckoning sessions and from existing unanswered questions found on Discord servers, Reddit posts, GitHub repos, and StackOverflow posts. We will fill existing gaps like “how to rotate a scene in SDK7” and “Deploying multiple video screens from one m3u8 video stream.” The “DEd Reckoning” sessions will begin as twice monthly sessions but may increase to twice weekly sessions as schedules allow. These will be streamed live inside DEd.dcl.eth using DCL Cast, streamed to Kick, and uploaded to YouTube for archival purposes.
